
Your the best thing that came in my life I mean it Baby you complete my world I can never leave you ..
You with me is where you belong my only star
I’m gonna be by your side no matter what
I want someone that goin match my loyalty so we can flex on everyone and get this bag 2020
Hard words hurt your feelings, but silence breaks your heart. 
i believe that, whoever is meant to be in your life will always gravitate back towards you, regardless of how far they try to run away
i truly appreciate kindness. i appreciate people checking up on me. i appreciate a quick message, i appreciate those who ask if i’m okay, i appreciate every single person in my life who has tried to brighten my days. it’s the little things that matter the most
I feel like people will care more when I’m gone
Idk where my head at anymore... one minute I’m happy and the next I feel broken
Do you want forever..
If perfect to you is not arguing, disagreeing, falling out of love only to fall back in it, petty arguments and bad days then leave her alone.
When things not new no more and the butterflies go away will you go to the next new thing or are you willing to create another spark
Do you want a couple of good years wit her or do you want forever ? If you want a couple good ones gone bout yo business
Can you handle the attention she gets from people who are irrelevant
Are you hittin her up cause you want her attention or do you wanna just add her to your list of people you fucked
Before you hit her up ask yourself this
I hate these type of ppl that say they want you but they actions show something different...
Everytime I like somebody they’re either stuck on a ex, Attached to somebody, confused, don’t know wat they want, or on games. 
You’re in a relationship to be happy, to smile, laugh, and to make good memories. Not to be constantly upset, to feel hurt, and to cry. Choose the relationship that’s goin to lead to growth within yourselves and your love for another. 
Like if you ever been heartbroken.
The difference between me and everyone else is that I’ll be there for you regardless even when Ik I shouldn’t be.
If he’s not changing his ways for you , you’re not the girl he wanna be with ..
like if you’re a lil ugly.
People with a good heart are always unlucky in a relationship
Tryna be a husband, fuck a bf
Tryna be a wife, fuck a gf
I don’t wanna be with nobodyyy, but YOU 
Sorry, but I ain’t cheating on mines 
We not breaking up... You finna put up with my shit & stfu
i ain’t forcing shit no more , ima tell you one more time how i feel , fix it or get away from me . simple
The hardest question to answer is ~ why do I still have feelings for you?
I’ll give you the world while mine is falling apart..
You ever notice someone slowly losing interest in you and you’re just like :
Just for once , I want someone to be afraid of losing me 
This is how I want my relationship to go First meet 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 5 years 10 years 20 years 50 years Heaven
Have you ever been homesick... But from a person... missing someone too much is a thing
Like if you miss someone right now.
Slowly, I forgot you. First your voice, then your face, but I never expected the hardest thing to forget was the happiness you made me feel once upon a time.
I am so grateful for you for being in my life and for showing me so much love ... i truly love you
Give your girl hugs from the back while kissing her neck and watch how she reacts
You’re literally all I need and all I care abt, you’re my happiness 
You know you’re in “Love “ with someone when you think of them before going to sleep
Like this if you don’t want to go to school.
I’m dying to speak to you, but you don’t care.
I admit it, I do be tripping sometimes but It’s Bc I care 
I grew up exposed to so much pain; so sorry if I seem heartless...
My girl is only for me she curves any and everybody that comes her way and she’s only entertaining me and I never have to worry about her cheating I love this girl so much
you’re not sensitive, you’re not overreacting. If it hurts you, it hurts you.
I’m trying to forgot you but I’m also waiting for you to come back
I pretend to look around but I’m actually looking for you
I saw a post today that said “just because I don’t talk to you or text you first, doesn’t mean that I don’t miss you, I’m just waiting for you to miss me.” I felt that
Only one name in my phone that’s gets me excited
For you, I’ll do anything for all I want to do is make you happy that’s the best feeling ever 
You are my happiness without you in my life, I don’t see myself as being happy 
I just wanna be with you forever
I Love People Who Reply Fast That Shit Is attractive Af
Do you still love him?” Of course I still love him, he was my everything and my first love. He has a part of me that I’ll never get back. I don’t think I’ll ever stop loving him 
I hope i’m on your mind all day just how ur on mine all the time,anyways you mean the world to mean and i’ll hate to lose you. I never met anyone like you. You are a blessing in my life. Te amo 
Dear bestfriend, please stay in my life forever and never leave my side because you're the best thing that's ever happen to me I love you soo much.
Everytime I want to talk to someone they're either • stuck on a ex • attached to somebody • confused • don't know what they want • on games
Don't call me "bae" "babe" "baby" or "love" unless I'm the only one being called that 
What most girls like to be called Princess Babygirl Mami Baby
Find the beautiful face You couldn't find it, right? It's bc the beautiful face is reading this now.
Cause you never think that the last time is the last time. You think there will be more. You think you have forever, but you don’t.
people be so quick to leave. Like damn what if you all I got
I’ll give you the world while mine is falling apart, don’t speak about loyalty to me.
I Fucked up already 2021 my year Fosho
He saw you. He met you. He wanted you. He liked you. He chased you. He got you. He had you. He got bored of you. He left you. He broke you.
Stop chasing after people & being the only one trying to fix everything. It’s mentally & physically exhausting. You have to find peace with whoever comes & goes from your life. Don’t be the only one putting in effort Bc you will end up losing yourself trying to save everyone else
don't care about losing people who don't wanna be in my life anymore, I've lost people who meant the world to me and I'm doing just fine.
it's been a while since i seen your name on my phone. my phone don't ring since you left me.
Don’t push me away and then wonder where I went .
got a bad habit of treating people better than they treat me...
You think I give a fuck? I already lost my mind & my heart a long time ago.
fun fact ; I’m insecure no matter how many people tell me I’m pretty.
my mom once said “going back to an old relationship is like rewatching a movie and expecting a different ending to happen.” I felt that.
I’m missing You Crazy Rn
I want to go into, 2020 with YOU 
I get jealous because I’m afraid someone will make you happier than I do...
When I think about love, I just see my heart getting broken, but yet I still go for love... 
Bae: Did you love him? Me: Yes. Bae: How much? Me: Does it matter? Bae: Why does it not? Me: Because it wasn’t enough to make him stay.
I’m the happiest depressed person you’ll ever meet.
we may not be speaking, but I hope you know you can still call me if you ever need anything because I told you I love you and I meant it.
Damn this year held some of the happiest & saddest moments I’ve ever experienced.
You think I give a fuck? I already lost my mind & my heart a long time ago.
Y’all be hurting the girls that really be down for you & that’s the sad part ...
today my teacher said to my class “you don’t truly love someone until they’ve hurt you and you still think of them as the greatest person in the world. Love is the most violent act.”
Today my mom told me “if your absence doesn’t bother them then your presence never mattered to them in the first place” and I felt that.
If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t be here smiling ... I love you 
you know what’s depressing? starting the same sentence over and over cause no one is listening and then just dropping it because obviously it doesn’t matter.
Ever since I’ve meet you, you’ve been on my mind 24/7 
I don’t get it. You said im important to you, but you still make me feel that I’m not worth your time.
2017: changed me 2018: broke me 2019: opened my eyes 2020: I’m coming back
hey fuck your late replies just leave me alone at this point
I said I’m over you, but every time my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it’s a text from you...
Like if you see your birthday month January , February , March ,April ,May ,June July ,August , September ,October , November , December , Comment y’all month 
1 month left & 2019 has taught me that anyone can switch up on you no matter what the bond or the history you have with that person
It sucks because , For a minute I was happy , For a minute I was getting better For a minute I had hope But in a minute I lost it all again
been cheated on.. lied to.. left for someone else.. dropped with no explanation, and i'm still trying to love like Ive never been hurt.
I just want what I deserve because I done put up with everything I didn’t deserve.
Unfortunately I’m the type of person you can screw over a million times and I’d still be there if you needed me.
"you look mean" "you look tired" "you look mad" or maybe i look like im minding my business
Emotionally: I’m done Mentally: I’m drained Spiritually: I’m dead Physically: I smile
remember you are never a bad person for loving the wrong person the right way.
everyone tells you that you deserve better, but no one is willing to give it to you 
Truth is, I miss you. All the time. Every second. Every minute. Every hour. Everyday. 
Relationships include: Jealousy Fights Disagreements Tears Faith But a real relationship goes through all that with love.
Do you ever feel the need to ask someone if they actually still want you in their life because it always feels like they don’t care.
Stop chasing after people & being the only one trying to fix everything. It’s mentally & physically exhausting. You have to find peace with whoever comes & goes from your life. Don’t be the only one putting in effort Bc you will end up losing yourself trying to save everyone else
No one notices your tears No one notices your pains No one notices your sadness But they always notice your mistakes.
He saw you. He met you. He wanted you. He liked you. He chased you. He got you. He had you. He got bored of you. He left you. He broke you.
Don’t act like you’re scared to lose me but move like I don’t mean shit to you.
It's funny how we feel so much but we don't say a word, we're screaming inside but we can't be heard
If we’re in a relationship, your clothes are basically mine too. Don’t ask why I have your shirt on, this is our shirt.
You ever just FaceTime someone and leave them on while y’all both do other things, bc having their company’s feels nice.
That awful feeling when you can feel someone starting to care less and less about you and there’s nothing you can do about it.
How embarrassing is it when you talk so highly about someone who ends up disappointing you.
Like If You Miss Someone
sure I can delete your photos, your texts, your number, but how do I delete your face, your voice, and our memories?
I done lost a couple people I thought were gonna be in my life forever…so trust me when i tell you, i don’t need you.
oh ok" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i won't tell you because you wouldn’t care how i feel anyway
i might get pissed for a minute but i’ll never abandon you, i don’t leave people, & i think that’s why it hurts so bad when people leave me.
missing someone is prob one of the worst feelings. you’ll see something funny or cool that you want to show them, then you’ll suddenly remember that you no longer talk
You can’t rush something if you want it to last forever.
Do you ever look at someone and wanna cry because they mean that much to you?
i might get pissed for a minute but i’ll never abandon you, i don’t leave people, & i think that’s why it hurts so bad when people leave me.
i got attached to somebody i could lose, that's where i went wrong
Reasons why I think x might be alive •There was no blood on his chest •His new album is called "no pulse" and I heard "no pulse" on the video •His manager hasn't confirmed his death •He already faked his death once •The tree on his forhead wasnt on his forhead on the video
if you break someone and they still wish you the best, you've lost the greatest thing for you
Like if your a lil ugly
Like if you’re single.
my dumb ass be loyal before the relationship even start
Stop chasing after people & being the only one trying to fix everything. It’s mentally & physically exhausting. You have to find peace with whoever comes & goes from your life. Don’t be the only one putting in effort Bc you will end up losing yourself trying to save everyone else
If I don’t fuck with you anymore just make sure you tell the real story or don’t say nothing at all.
missing someone is prob one of the worst feelings. you’ll see something funny or cool that you want to show them, then you’ll suddenly remember that you no longer talk
I’m a failure. At school, outside of school... everywhere I go. I’m the dumb, ugly and fucked up friend. The friend everyone replaces after a while.
Being single doesn’t mean you’re not good enough to be with the right person, it means you’re just too good to be with the wrong one.
You want my password? Have it. You want to go look through my phone? Go head. You wanna stay in and cuddle? I’m there. You don’t like him/her? I won’t talk to him/her. I’ll stay faithful to you 100% I got nothing to hide from you, but I expect the same 100% back... 
my heart constantly hurts so much to the point that when people keep on hurting me, i just find myself walking away. i was tired of it, i wanted happiness but if this is love, then i don't want it
i need someone in my life who cares about me as much as i care about them because i'm so tired of always being the one who cares more
I don't understand how someone can tell so many lies & never feel bad about it.
I hate the fact that you left me and replaced me for someone who could care less about you when i was willing to do anything and everything for you
nothing is more attractive than someone who's down for you and only you and shows you that without hesitation
I just can’t lose you.
Stop chasing after people & being the only one trying to fix everything. It’s mentally & physically exhausting. You have to find peace with whoever comes & goes from your life. Don’t be the only one putting in effort Bc you will end up losing yourself trying to save everyone else
you left i cried you felt fine i was dying you were my air i couldn't breathe you said goodbye i was still holding on to hello
i think there is something broken in our generation, there are so many sad eyes on happy faces.
depression is being lonely in a room full of people depression is being constantly tired but never able to sleep depression is smiling to hide the pain inside depression is when the soul dies but the body keeps on going depression is forgetting who you used to be.
How tall are y’all?
Then name one reason why y’all single.
being ignored by someone whose attention means the world to you is the worst feeling, and you start to overthink everything.
if you repeatedly have to tell someone the exact same thing about how you feel and nothing changes, they don’t respect you
boy: goodbye girl: why? boy: i found someone better girl: i found someone too, but I closed my eyes just to stay with you
i got mad love for you
I like clingy. i like double texts, phone calls, good morning & goodnight texts. i like knowing someone cares. i like knowing they try.
Im officially done trying. If you want me in your life, you can come find me. Until then, continue treating me like I dont exist.
Memories stay, people don’t.
I don't care about losing people who don't wanna be in my life anymore, I've lost people who meant the world to me and I'm doing just fine.
You said you were afraid to lose me. then you faced your fears and left.
No shade but there's a few people I’m glad I’m not close to anymore.
Don't lose a boy that has seen your flaws and still loves you.
Kinda annoying when you're excited to talk to someone and you don't feel the same energy back.
You deserve someone that’ll thank God everyday for you. someone that’ll treat you like a blessing & not a burden. someone that makes you consistently laugh & is there to wipe your tears away. someone that shows you how much they love you instead of just saying it. don’t settle
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
When you give up on someone, it's not because you don't care anymore, it's because you realize they don't.
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
imagine being with someone who makes u & ur happiness 1 of their top priorities. someone who’ll do anything & everything for u. someone who’ll always have ur back & be there for u thru thick & thin. someone who u just randomly smile at bc u know they love u as much as u love them
Pain changes people, it makes them trust less, overthink more, and shut people out.
i used to be so afraid of losing ppl, until i realized most of them were never really down for me in the first place. even tho my loyalty & love for them ran deep, they could careless. so instead of being afraid of losing them, i fell back & watched them lose me... wow, growth
Theres just something about you I'm scared to lose, because I know I won't find it in anyone else.
I do shit for me, i ain't tryna impress nobody but me.
I don't care about losing people who don't wanna be in my life anymore, I've lost people who meant the world to me and I'm doing just fine.
theres just something about you I'm scared to lose, because I know I won't find it in anyone else
Always remember that God will never take anything away from you without the intention of replacing it with something better
Why do we try so hard for people who don’t try for us.
if you... choose... to leave someone's life... stay out... don't continuously pop in and out
people ask me why is it so hard to trust people? i ask why is it so hard to keep a promise?
fuck w/ someone who gets excited just thinking about you.
i'm too old to be telling niggas how to act and stop playing games with me.
Promises mean everything, but after they are broken, sorry means nothing. 
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Nothing hurts more then being ignored, replaced, forgotten, or lied to.
Never let someone take advantage of you. Stand up for yourself, you deserve the best. 
If you switch up on me for someone else don't hit me up when they switch up on you
We all have that one person that we wasted just too much time on
It’s not about who’s real to you’re face, it’s about who’s real behind your back 
you are worth it, so please don't let anyone make you feel less than what you really are. 
deadass tho.. I lose interest fast. if u not showing me attention, if I feel like I’m forcing it or feel like u on some other shit, u a dub
there are very few things i care about anymore, so if i reach out to you and show that i care please don't let me down
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
What's the point of "talking" if y'all aren't going to be together? Or have no intentions of being w/ one another? Waste of time to me.
i need someone in my life who cares about me as much as i care about them because i'm so tired of always being the one who cares more.
don't talk to me because you are bored. i'm not here to entertain u and don't only come to me when u need a favor, i don't like being used
I be preparing to get over ppl way before we fall off and stop talking to each other..
The first thing you should know about me is that I'm not you. A lot more will make sense after that.
friends who defend you when you're not around are important
i wish people understood that heartbreak can be more damaging than drugs and alcohol
Sucks to feel like you losing a bond with somebody you thought you had it with forever.
it's not even that i don't want to talk to anyone else. i just don't want to put my all and time into someone to have it wasted again
people don't even date anymore. they just talk, catch feelings, have a good thing going on for a little bit then end up ignoring each other
its very rare to find someone that genuinely cares about you
its fuckin heartbreaking when you watch someone so important to you change into a person you don't want anything to do with
The first thing you should know about me is that I'm not you. A lot more will make sense after that.
I understand that you don't like me but I need you to understand I don't care
i can feel u losing interest lol i'm not stupid
ME CHASE YOU? Bitch I don't even run when they shooting outside
They hurt you and act like you hurt them.
People will stab you in the back and then ask why you’re bleeding.
I’ve never been so scared of losing something in my entire life, then again nothing in my life has ever meant as much to me as you do. 
The saddest part in life is saying goodbye to someone you wanted to spend your life with.
Stop breaking your own heart for someone who isn't even fighting to keep yours in one piece.
You need someone who goes out of their way to make it obvious that they want you in their life.
I never want to stop making memories with you.
It’s hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
It hurts when you’re being ignored by the person whose attention is the only thing you want in the world.
most painful thing ever is having feelings for someone you can't be with
i care about ur feelings more than mine
Don't worry about what I'm doing, worry about why you're worried about me. 
not everyone is meant to stay in your life. it may hurt to lose someone but in the future you will see the lesson they brought you
i hope you look at me and realize what you had & what you lost
people really think that im gon change the way i am for them like no bih accept me as i am or bye
what you did and what you said were two different things. i should've known better.
I may not be your first love, first date or first kiss, but I want to be your last everything. 
keep ya whole life lowkey and let people assume incorrectly
If you got the person you want and they feel the same about you ... your lucky as fuck
the sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you
has anyone else's life been really off lately or is it just me
i hate getting close to people cause one day it just all falls apart
self reminder: you're still young and you're not supposed to have your whole life figured out yet. don't stress. everything will work out
maybe happiness isn't meant for me
Nobody else can make you happy until you're happy with yourself first.
dont lose a girl that has seen your flaws and still loves you
I had to realize that I was showing more love then I get back
i don't worry about what ppl do behind my back..karma handles everything
the sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you
nobody seems to appreciate the love i give
you kept pushing me away so don't be surprised when i stop caring about you
live with no regrets, everything happens for a reason
i won't be surprised when the next person hurts me. i'm so used to it now
i know that im a nice person, but some people just bring out the worst side of me
If you switch up on me for someone else don't hit me up when they switch up on you
I understand that you don't like me but I need you to understand I don't care
Sometimes you gotta give up on people. Not because you don't care but because they don't.
Keep your head up princess , or your crown will fall off ... 
y'all be taking advantage of ppl & treating em like shit just because u know they have a genuine weak spot for u & that’s really fucked up
I poured my heart out to you..
maybe one day someone will come into my life and actually mean what they say
never stop being a good person because of bad people
I'm afraid of losing you.
ppl who have done u wrong will forever think ur posts are about them
no relationship is perfect so just find the right one to go through hell and heaven with
if you... choose... to leave someone's life... stay out... don't continuously pop in and out
Losing me is a big L. It's not even about looks, I just got a good heart man and when I'm down for you I'm DOWN fr
if you're mad at me please just tell me what I did wrong instead of ignoring me
It's all fun and games till I dead ass stop fucking with you
me: why doesn't anyone hit me up anymore also me: *has become the most boring texter ever, never responds, is always asleep*
don't hit me up when you finally realize that no one else cares about you like I do
It's funny how you be convincing urself you going to stop fucking wit somebody but still be waiting on them to do sum to change your mind
we go from talking until 2am , to 2 hours a day, to 2 minutes a day, to 2 days ago, to never
i don't worry about what ppl do behind my back..karma handles everything
nobody notices you until you're gone
friends who defend you when you're not around are important
no relationship is perfect so just find the right one to go through hell and heaven with
if only things could go back to how they used to be
i've done a lot of great things for a lot of ungrateful mfs
fuck u for making me happy and then just turning around and leaving
marry a girl that smiles when you choke her
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
What's the point of "talking" if y'all aren't going to be together? Or have no intentions of being w/ one another? Waste of time to me.
if you lucky enough to get a second chance, don't waste that shit
I broke myself trying to fix somebody else i'm so fucking dumb
i wish people understood that heartbreak can be more damaging than drugs and alcohol
i'll much rather be told "i don't wanna fw you" than to be played w/. at least i can respect you as a real one.
It’s funny how many “friends” you lose when you stop reaching out to them first
stop forgiving people that hurt you over and over just because you don't want to lose them
pain changes people. it makes them trust less, overthink more and shut people out.
maybe one day someone will come into my life and actually mean what they say
Relationships last because two people make a choice to keep it, fight for it, and work for it.
theres a difference between somebody who wants you and somebody who would do anything to keep you. remember that.
one of the most toxic things i’ve ever done is ignore the bad in someone because i love them
Lost souls
Sucks to feel like you losing a bond with somebody you thought you had it with forever.
i wish someone was afraid to lose me i'm always scared of losing people that i love but i doubt anyone would fight to keep me in their life
nothing sexier than a nigga who expresses their feelings and vents,opens up instead of acting hard and acting like it's bad to love a female
i be trying my hardest to keep cool & not trip over petty shit
all of a sudden we stopped talking and now it's like i don't know you anymore
may not be perfect but at least I'm not fake.
when i first saw you, i never expected that you would mean the world to me 
With out you , I'm nothing . 
if I trip and we're not even together, that just goes to show I really fuck w you... but I guess that's my problem, I care too much.
i want to say i miss you, but that wouldn't change anything so i'll keep pretending i don't 
I be preparing to get over ppl way before we fall off and stop talking to each other..
when i date someone, i think long term. what's the point of dating someone if you only want them temporarily? 
i never really knew pain, until i felt you lost interest in me. 
i swear i never meant to get so attached to you
it's not even that i don't want to talk to anyone else. i just don't want to put my all and time into someone to have it wasted again
if you... choose... to leave someone's life... stay out... don't continuously pop in and out
When I look in her eyes, I feel like I'm lost in space 
Don't worry about what I'm doing, worry about why you're worried about me. 
no relationship is perfect so just find the right one to go through hell and heaven with
please remember if you’re trying to keep everybody happy, the one person that won’t be happy is you 
people be so quick to forget all the shit you did for em smh
stressing over a situation you can’t control doesn’t do you any good
ME CHASE YOU? Bitch I don't even run when they shooting outside
please remember if you’re trying to keep everybody happy, the one person that won’t be happy is you 
I fall for the shittiest people.
don't hit me up when you finally realize that no one else cares about you like I do
What's the point of "talking" if y'all aren't going to be together? Or have no intentions of being w/ one another? Waste of time to me. 
beautiful things will begin to happen in your life if you simply distance yourself from all the fuck shit
don't hmu when u finally realize that no one else got u like i do
achieve ya goals in silence
it's not even that i don't want to talk to anyone else. i just don't want to put my all and time into someone to have it wasted again
fake ppl don’t surprise me anymore, loyal ppl do 
its crazy how someone could be your homie one day, and your enemy the next 
nobody ever means it when they say "i'll never leave you" everyone leaves. everything is temporary
Man, you ever been so hurt you can actually feel the pain in your chest 
It's so hard to forget someone from the past when you wanted that someone in your future
What's the point of "talking" if y'all aren't going to be together? Or have no intentions of being w/ one another? Waste of time to me.
rip to all the names you can't use for your future kiddos bc of all the sucky people you've met who have ruined a name w/ their personality
if I trip and we're not even together, that just goes to show I really fuck w you... but I guess that's my problem, I care too much.
my problem is that i'll always be the one putting in more effort just to keep things going
Yall be taking advantage of people n treating em like shit just because u know they have a genuine weak spot for u & that's really fucked up
Love aint a long text message , an instant text back or a MCM/WCW post or sum long ig caption . Don't let social media distort your mind
has anyone else's life been really off lately or is it just me
Don't call me "bae" "baby" "babe" or "love" unless I’m the only one you're calling that. 
Even though l try to deny it at the end of the day you're still on my mind.
what you did and what you said were two different things. i should've known better.
sometimes i miss the nigga i used to fw and wanna run back to him. then other times i'm like nah b stay where the fuck you're at.
why do we try so hard for people who don't try for us
whoever slept on me, stay sleep. 
I don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. I feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..
i've spent my whole life trying to please others when i should've been putting myself first
that “ignoring each other” game can turn into a “never hearing from me again” game real fast
If a female really cares about you of course she will get upset over little things. And if you can’t handle that... you Deserve a hoe.
I don't hang around everybody or anybody, you've got to be on point with who you share your energy with.
I hate getting close to people these days... I always regret sharing too much, caring too much, doing too much, and feeling too much.
the worst feeling is when you feel like youre annoying the only person you wanna talk to
i used to think you were the best thing to come into my life, but i was wrong
i still love you, and probably will for a long time but i don't want to be with you anymore
do you ever miss certain friends but you don't even wanna hit them up anymore because things aren't the same
when people assume you'll always be there and start treating you carelessly, that's when you need to cut them off
not everyone is meant to stay in your life. it may hurt to lose someone but in the future you will see the lesson they brought you
please remember that it's okay to miss someone or even just the idea of them and not want them back in your life
how do i forget someone who made me feel complete but broke me at the same time
sometimes you have to give up on people, not because you don't care but because they don't
you're the reason i'm smiling again
some people will have to learn how to appreciate you by losing you
i'm doing much better nowdays, all i had to do was let go of the things and people that destroy me
if you cheat, you're trash. idc what the situation is, nobody deserves to fall asleep at night wondering why they werent enough for you
i wish i could get a refund for all the love i've wasted on people
i need to stop caring about people that don't care about me
how he treats you is how he feels about you
i'm so sick of dealing with people that don't appreciate my time and attention
Don't worry about what I'm doing, worry about why you're worried about me. 
i need to stop caring about people that don't care about me
i'm just another somebody that nobody wants
nobody notices you until you're gone
stop forgiving people that hurt you over and over just because you don't want to lose them
why hurt someone whose only intention was to love you?
people always leave, even if they promise a thousand times that they won't.
one day you'll realize how much i cared
i don't chase people anymore. i learned that i'm here, and i'm important. i'm not going to run after people to prove that i matter
i wish people understood that heartbreak can be more damaging than drugs and alcohol
how do i stop missing someone who doesn't miss me
maybe one day someone will come into my life and actually mean what they say
i'm just another somebody that nobody wants
maybe one day someone will come into my life and actually mean what they say
that sick feeling when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from hearing something or seeing something that really breaks your heart
I love her so much, I wouldn't trade her for anything 
Stay away from people who make you think you are hard to love
slowly starting to realize how much i matter to people
i used to think you were the best thing to come into my life, but i was wrong 
i wish people understood that heartbreak can be more damaging than drugs and alcohol
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.
thank you to the few of you who stuck around through all my ups and downs
the sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you
if you ignore me, i'll ignore you. if you don't put in the effort, why should i
i hate getting close to people cause one day it just all falls apart
i hope you look at me and realize what you had & what you lost
i want to say i miss you, but that wouldn't change anything so i'll keep pretending i don't 
i try my hardest to make everyone happy and that's what fucks me up the most
You could be talking to somebody for so long and they'll forget about you like it's nothing
slowing figuring out who the real ones are. better late than never i guess
i feel myself changing, i dont even laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same, i'm just so damn tired of everything b
i really support those who keep going after they been through some hard shit. god knows how much you wanna give up but can't.
I broke myself trying to fix somebody else i'm so fucking dumb
Don't look back and wonder why things went wrong. Don't regret not doing more. It happened for a reason. Your better days are ahead of you.
if I trip and we're not even together, that just goes to show I really fuck w you... but I guess that's my problem, I care too much.
I want someone who'll be there for me through tough times
Roses are red Violets are blue , why does every love song remind me of you 
It’s funny how many “friends” you lose when you stop reaching out to them first
Don't chase people. Be you, do your own shit and work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you. 
i'll much rather be told "i don't wanna fw you" than to be played w/. at least i can respect you as a real one.
When I look in her eyes, I feel like I'm lost in space 
I loved you from the start, idk why you couldn't trust me 
why do i keep holding on to things that are long gone
You don't care. So I gotta act like I don't care when in reality I care so fucking much.
You make me believe in forever You make me believe that love is really real That finally I have found my person ..
people really think that im gon change the way i am for them like no bih accept me as i am or bye
it hurts like hell when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don’t care at all.
i hope you look at me and realize what you had & what you lost
people will push you to your limits, and when you finally explode and fight back, suddenly you're the bad person
Don't worry about what I'm doing, worry about why you're worried about me. 
It's all fun and games till I dead ass stop fucking with you
How Can You Make Someone Feel So Special, And Then Leave Them Like Nothing? 
i want a relationship that'll never fade. when the rumors comes, we just laugh and remain strong. 
There's only been 1 person that's been down for me since day one and has never switched up on me And that 1 person is me
We may have up’s and down’s but I love you to the moon and back .
It's like I want to feel loved again but then at the same time I don't want to end up getting hurt again
I love her so much, I wouldn't trade her for anything 
When you left me, a part of my heart left with you 
i fell in love with your words but unfortunately, you were a good liar 
it's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone and that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact on you.
i wish someone actually cared about me as much as they said they did
i need someone in my life who cares about me as much as i care about them because i'm so tired of always being the one who cares more.
People don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
When you need me, I'm always there. Now I need you, and you're not around. 
No matter your situation you should never disrespect your girl. Especially if she has been there for you at all times.
How Can You Make Someone Feel So Special, And Then Leave Them Like Nothing? 
yes, i'm thinking about you right now sadly 
once you've been hurt, you get scared to get attached again, because you're always thinking everyone you love will always end up hurting you
At the end of the day nobody care about you, worried bout you, nobody gone be there for you but yourself , & i had to learn the hard way fr.
having depression is like being in an abusive relationship with yourself
Keep playing with her emotions and she gonna find another nigga to fuck up yours
I may not be your first love, first date or first kiss, but I want to be your last everything. 
what you did and what you said were two different things. i should've known better.
life is beautiful when you learn to see the good in everything instead of seeing the flaws
dont lose a girl that has seen your flaws and still loves you
how do i stop missing someone who doesn't miss me
nobody ever means it when they say "i'll never leave you" everyone leaves. everything is temporary
If I told you how much you mean to me, I'd never get the chance to finish. 
i will never again beg for anyone to stay in my life that doesn't wanna be there. ima keep moving up whether you with me or not.
Don't worry about what I'm doing, worry about why I'm on your mind.
maybe one day someone will come into my life and actually mean what they say
nobody can take away your pain so don't let anyone take your happiness
i used to think you were the best thing to come into my life, but i was wrong 
I like being alone, listening to music in my own world. Away from all the bullshit in life.
Why cheat? Why put someone through that? Now they can't trust anyone else or even give their heart to someone because you ruined that person
It's crazy how I'm there for everyone 24/7 & always making sure they alright but when I'm sad don't nobody ever hmu & ask how I'm doing
nobody ever means it when they say "i'll never leave you" everyone leaves. everything is temporary
Yall be taking advantage of people n treating em like shit just because u know they have a genuine weak spot for u & that's really fucked up
nobody notices you until you're gone
i used to think you were the best thing to come into my life, but i was wrong 
sometimes you feel sad without any reason. and you can't help it. and you can't deal with it.
Don't get too caught up in others and forget to take care of yourself
You'll end up really disappointed if you think people will do for you as you do for them. Not everyone has the same heart as you.
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Every story has an end, but in life every end is just a new beginning. 
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everything, mentally.
my wallet is empty just like my soul
it's funny how many "friends" you lose when you stop reaching out to them first 
ain't it crazy how life works. one minute everything can be goin so good and shit. then the next it's like hell just let loose on you.
I be mad asf one second , then don't care the next second , then next minute I be ready to cry smh 
I'm fine w/ being single. I'm not necessarily looking to be in a relationship, but I'm tired of "just talking" and it not going anywhere.
you will never be happy if you continue to hold onto things that make you sad
i think i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen
people always leave, even if they promise a thousand times that they won't.
you can’t find me in someone else
Don't apologize if you're just gonna continue doing the shit you're sorry for.
Never forget who stayed down & who switched up.
maybe one day, i'll be what you need. but don't wait too long...because the day you want me, may be the day i've finally given up.
Its sad nobody ever knows how much someone is actually hurting... Someone right next to you could be completely broken and you wouldn't know
if they hurt you, why are you still thinking about them? 
have you ever been in one of those moods where you don't really know whats wrong but you feel really irritated with everyone and everything
can the right person just come into my life already
the worst part about being sad is that you don't even know what makes you happy anymore
sometimes I just get sad and I don't know why
sleep doesn't help, if it's your soul that's tired.
i've spent my whole life trying to please others when i should've been putting myself first
being ignored by someone whose attention means the world to you is the worst feeling, and you start to overthink everything. 
i hate getting so sad to the point where my body completely shuts down, and all i can do is just lay there and think about all my problems. 
telling a girl how important she is to you is one of the best things you can do for her.
So damn hard to trust people now days
i hate missing someone who probably doesn't miss me
You can waste time but don't waste mine.
y'all boys be acting like u got no heart. don't front like it don't hurt when u see her with another dude. don't act like u ain't love her.
people be so quick to forget all the shit you did for em smh
if you could read my mind, you'd be in tears 
i got hurt so i stopped trying
Don't call me "bae" "baby" "babe" or "love" unless I’m the only one you're calling that. 
i used to be what you wanted.
i just want to feel important to someone
you'll never find another me
i swear i never meant to get so attached to you
My name always in someone's mouth . Y'all fans or some ?
stop asking me to trust you when im still coughing up water from the last time you let me drown
With out you , I'm nothing . 
life's fucked up but you gotta keep ya head up.
i never really knew pain, until i felt you lost interest in me. 
Boys laugh at what they put girls through but they won't be laughing when they're wiping tears off their daughters face for the same reason
i wish people understood that heartbreak can be more damaging than drugs and alcohol
trust me the minute a guy stops giving you attention like he use to in beginning. it's going to another girl.
why do i still miss you even after you've moved on and left me alone
one day you'll realize how much i cared
it's sad when you get hurt so much, that you can finally say "i'm used to it" 
one day you'll realize how much i cared
my problem is i keep coming back to those who have broke me
if you want me in your life like you say you do then prove it
i wish i could get a refund for all the love i've wasted on people
when i first saw you, i never expected that you would mean the world to me 
don’t push me away and then wonder where i went
you're the reason why i don't believe in life anymore .
i've begun to realize whatever i thought made me happy was just a temporary feeling that never seems to last
i hate getting close to people cause one day it just all falls apart
you'll never find another friend like me
i'm doing much better nowdays, all i had to do was let go of the things and people that destroy me 
that sick feeling when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from hearing something or seeing something that really breaks your heart
u took 4 hours to text back and think i'm gonna reply within the next minute? u right
please be afraid to lose me
only regret i have in my life was wasting time and energy on people who actually never even cared about me
you didnt play me, you played yourself 
accept that you arent special to some people and move on
pain changes people, it makes them trust less, overthink more, and shut people out 
it's ok to lose people, but never lose yourself 
"i should've let you known , that you're my only one" 
I may forgive you but I'll never forget all the shit you've put me through
if you leave me i don't blame you
honestly its best to not fw no one
| i wish things were back to where they use to be
one person yet so many feelings..
i care about your feelings more than mine
i forget not everyone has the same heart as me
when someone wants to talk to you they'll make the effort. you can't force someone to do something just because you want them to do it
why can't anyone see that all my "smiles" are fake?
my heart is way too frozen to be broken
i highkey don't miss you
why am i so afraid to lose you when you're not even mine?
I Rarely Catch Feelings For Anyone So If I Like You, You Lucky 
maybe one day someone will come into my life and actually mean what they say
I Heard Love Was In The Air..So I Held My Breath
you will never be happy if you continue to hold onto things that make you sad
ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ why do you play with my feelings ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ ʷʰʸ
i rarely open up to people but if i do please don't take advantage of that
Stay away from people who make you think you are hard to love
I never want to catch feelings for anyone ever again
if you leave me i don't blame you
Lmfao I'm Just Waiting For This Bitch To Hurt You The Way You Hurt Me
sad story: i thought you cared
I Thought I Could Trust You But You Proved Me Wrong & Now I Can't Trust Anyone Because Of You
i appreciate the people who don't give up on me
i hope you look at me and realize what you had & what you lost
Wasting All Your Time On This One Person When They Barely Talk To You